Add separate cluster for workloads (#771)
kyma-project/test-infra: prow/workload-cluster/README.md

# Cluster

## Overview

> This folder contains files related to the configuration of the Prow workload cluster that are used during the cluster provisioning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains configuration files for the Prow workload. This configuration is used during cluster provisioning.
```

> ### Project structure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Project structure
```

<!-- Update the folder structure each time you modify it. -->

> The structure of the folder looks as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The folder structure looks as follows:
```

```
  ├── 00-clusterrolebinding.yaml                # The enabled Prow cluster to access workload cluster and run all jobs.
  ├── 02-kube-system_poddisruptionbudgets.yaml  # The definition of Pod Disruption Budgets for Pods in the  `kube-system` Namespace, used to unblock the node autoscaler.

>   └── required-secrets.yaml             # A default list of required Secrets that must be stored in a storage bucket

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  └── required-secrets.yaml             # A default list of required Secrets that must be stored in a storage bucket.
```

```

> ## Required Secrets structure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Required Secrets
```

> ### Required secrets structure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Required Secrets structure
```

> The `required-secrets.yaml` file is read by `secretspopulator` and consists of required Secrets stored in a Google Cloud Storage (GCS) bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `secretspopulator` function reads the `required-secrets.yaml` file which includes required Secrets stored in a Google Cloud Storage (GCS) bucket.
```

You can define two kinds of Secrets:
- Service accounts
- Generic Secrets

> The `Secretspopulator` looks for a `{prefix}.encrypted` object in a bucket and creates a Kubernetes Secret with a `{prefix}` name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `secretspopulator` function looks for a `{prefix}.encrypted` object in a bucket and creates a Kubernetes Secret with a `{prefix}` name.
```

> `Secretspopulator` looks for a `{prefix}.encrypted` object in a bucket and creates a Kubernetes Secret with a `{prefix}` name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Secretspopulator` looks for a `{prefix}.encrypted` object in a bucket and creates a Kubernetes Secret with a `{prefix}` name.
```
